views.markdown: allow showing icon with title (#42725)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/dashboards/views.markdown

3. Define the view settings:
   - If you want a view title, enter the **Title**.
   - If you want to see an icon, select the [view icon](#view-icon).

>      - If an icon is defined, only the icon is shown. The text title only is shown as a tooltip. However, enabling the **Show icon and title** toggle allows to show both the icon and the text title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - If an icon is defined, only the icon is shown. The text title is shown as a tooltip. To show both the icon and the text title, enable the **Show icon and title** toggle.
```

## View icon

> If you define a view icon, the icon instead of the title will be displayed, the title will then be used as a tooltip. If **Show icon and title** is set, both the icon and the text title are shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a view icon is defined, only the icon is shown. The text title is shown as a tooltip. To show both the icon and the text title, enable the **Show icon and title** toggle.
